[Discover][doc] Add view single document (#92472)
elastic/kibana: docs/discover/view-single-document.asciidoc

[[discover-view-single-document]]

> === View single document

Reviewer: This doc is so short.  Can we combine it with "View surrounding document"?

Author: Yes, it's short, question is, we would need a new title and intro for "View surrounding document" if we would combine it, right?

Reviewer: Do any of these work?

- Manage the display of documents
- Customize the document display
- View documents in context

Author: How about 

### Additional ways to view a document

Some intro 

### View surrounding documents

### View single document

Do you think this would work?

Reviewer: View a document

intro

- View single document
- View surrounding documents

Author: done!

[[discover-view-single-document]]
== View single document

> Once you've found a document of interest in Discover there's a simple way to share or bookmark it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've found a document of interest in *Discover*, there's a simple way to share or bookmark it. 
```

. In the document table, click the expand icon (>).

> . Click **View single document** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click **View single document**.
```

+
This allows you to view the document in two ways. **Table** displays the document's fields row by row.

> **JSON** (JavaScript Object Notation) allows you to take a look at how the document is returned from Elasticsearch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**JSON** (JavaScript Object Notation) shows you how the document is returned from {es}.
```

+
[role="screenshot"]
image::images/discover-view-single-document.png[Discover single document view]

> The link is valid for the time the document is available in Elasticsearch. If you need another way to view single 

Reviewer: What link?

The last sentence sounds like it's getting down in the weeds.  Is it needed here?

Author: true, thanks removed it
